From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists and Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number two 34 recorded
live Thursday, September 23rd, 2010. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Tellerik rad control, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications online@wwwdottelerik.com in this episode
about getting things done. Scott
talks with lane Newsome. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman, and
this is another episode of
Hansel minutes. Today. I'm talking
with Layne Newsome. She's a
former Microsoft, and now in
the MBA program at Vanderbilt
and she is a practitioner
and a enthusiastic of GTD
getting things done. Thank you
very much for taking the
time to chat with me
today. Thank you so much
for having me. I have
got on. I have, I'm
sad to admit. I have
gotten almost 500 emails in
my inbox and I was
down to like 40 or
50 yesterday. And you know,
I mean, I've got all
the folders set up. I've
read the, getting things done
book, but I've fallen off
the wagon. Can, can you
start at the beginning and
remind me what the basics
of getting things done are
Absolutely. One of the best
parts about DTD is that
you actually can get back
on the wagon pretty easily.
For me, it's actually a
big stress reliever when I
get back on the wagon.
So the basics of GTD
are, you know, the first
step is you want to
make sure you're collecting everything
that goes through your head,
Oh, I need to do
this. I need to reply
to this email, every task
that might come up that
you think of just collected,
collected in some place. Some,
you know, common collection places
are your email inbox, which
obviously is a high traffic
area for you. I also
have personally, I have notebooks
everywhere. I have notebooks next
to my bed in my
car. I use the audio
recording feature on my cell
phone just to make notes
to myself. And that's the
collect phase. And that's basically
to make sure that you
don't forget about anything, you,
everything, every thought that's popped
into your head. You know,
I need to pick up
dog food at the grocery
store, or I need to
get my car maintained or
something work related. It's basically
to make sure that you
don't forget about anything and
you've captured it. The next
step is actually processing all
of that. And that's kind
of the next step for
you with your 400 email
inbox is processing all those
notes to yourself. So what
do each of those 400
emails mean? Do you have
to actually reply to all
of them? Do you need
to read, just read them
or do you need to
start a whole new project
based on those emails? And
so you have to take
some dedicated time each day
and for you, it may
be multiple times a day
to just sit and process
all of those. And the
important part in that phase
is that you don't have
to actually do everything on
your, to do list, right?
Then you can put a
task on your, to do
list. Okay. I have to
deal with this later. And
for me, that was one
of the most freeing things.
When I started doing GTD
was realizing that I don't
have to do everything as
soon as it comes in,
but I do need to
decide what I need to
do about it later. That's
the second phase, the third
phase is organizing, and that's
basically making sure that you
set yourself up to get
things done when you're able
to. So when you're sitting
at your desk and you
have access to a phone,
you can make phone calls.
If you're driving your car,
you probably don't want to
make those phone calls, or
if you are in the
grocery store. So what you
want to do is make
sure that when you have
access to a phone, you
have your to do list
for at your phone. So
right now I have a
phone list. That's probably about
seven calls, different calls. I
need to make both personal
and work related. And then
the next is reviewing. And
that's probably the most important
step for me, the most
helpful phase. And that's looking
at your to do list,
making sure you review it.
I usually review the book
actually suggests about once a
week for me, enough stuff
comes in and I try
and actually do it probably
about twice a week. It's
just to look at your,
my entire, to do list,
make sure that nothing's falling
through the cracks and I'm
getting things done when they
need to happen. And then
lastly is just doing, looking
at your, to do list
and getting stuff done. So
I'm sitting by the phone
and I'm going to make
some phone calls. Now I
pull out my to do
lists for, at my phone
and start making phone calls
and start crossing stuff off.
So those are the basic
five phases. So it feels
to me like just kind
of applying this to myself,
that I'm spending a lot
of time staring at outlook,
moving stuff around, as opposed
to formally calling out that
I am in the process
phase. Like you're, you're very
clear about what the process
phase and the review phase
are, but for me, I
don't feel like they're, they
are very well delineated. Do
you say to yourself, all
right, I'm done processing and
I am now reviewing like
Don't, you know, we have
very first started with GTD.
I was a little bit
more defined about how I
was spending my time as
I've gotten more comfortable with
the process and didn't take
much time. I started, there's
a little bit of bleeding
there. And part of that
comes from, you know, I
used to work at Microsoft.
So I understand your pain
with the 400 emails stuff
comes in and people expect
you to respond to stuff
quickly. And at a minimum,
you know, if you have
a minute to check your
email, you know, you do
that sort of emergency, okay,
what do I need to
respond to right now? And
that's kind of dealing with
work as it comes in.
And you know, you have
to allow yourself flexibility to
do that. And so there
might be a little bit
of processing. There might be
a little bit of just
doing right there. And so
it bleeds a little bit,
but when you have a
moment to sit and process,
you can crank through a
hundred emails fairly quickly. If
you're not actually, you know,
taking actions and you're just
processing. So it's helpful, you
know, one of the rules
or one of the suggestions
of the GTD program is
to implement a two minute
rule. So as you're processing,
let's say, you know, after
we're done here, you have
15 minutes to sit and
process your email. If you
come along an email that
has a two minute action,
something that will take two
minutes or less, a quick
yes or no reply, or
affording to a colleague, go
ahead and take care of
it. Right. Then there's a
lot of stuff that can
be taken care of in
two minutes or less. And
he suggests going ahead and
doing actions that are two
minutes or less, go ahead
and do them while you're
processing. And then you'll, and
then you don't have to
go back and do them
later. So there there's a
little bit of overlap. I
don't think it has to
be so completely delineated, but
it actually does help to
have time dedicated just to
processing, especially when you're talking
about the volume of emails
that you encounter on a
daily basis. Do you schedule
that? I mean, do you
put in your schedule 3:00 PM,
Friday we'll review inbox, and
then sit down and do
it. I used to, and
that, that was a big
help for me, especially scheduling
the weekly review. I would
schedule at least an hour,
if not two on, I
usually did it on Friday
mornings because then I had
time to address something. If
I let something fall for
a week and I still
had time while people were
still in the office. So
the weekly review I used
to have on my calendar.
And if I ever feel
like I'm not doing it
frequently enough, I'm not having
the discipline to do it.
I'll throw it back on
my calendar, but it's, I've
gotten into enough of a
habit now that I really,
I start to feel stressed
out. If I haven't done
a weekly review and assessment
of everything I have to
do. So, you know, for
me, it's almost a form
of stress relief. If I
start feeling stressed, I know
I'm not doing my review
frequently enough. So in terms
of the daily processing, I
don't, I don't really schedule
time for it. Typically that's
the first thing I do
in the morning is processed
emails. So I make sure
to allow myself a few
extra minutes in the morning,
just to process email, and
that can take anywhere from
15 minutes to half an
hour, for someone who's getting
the kind of volume of
email that you are, you
might need to schedule an
hour for that, and then
just sort of start your
day better. And then, you
know, as you have time
throughout the day, 15 minutes
here, 10 minutes there, you
can keep up with the
system. But if you haven't
had a chance all day,
you know, I would suggest
taking half an hour at
the end of the day,
just to process email. And
that's not, you know, like
I said, it's not replying
to email necessarily. It's just
deciding what does this email
mean? Do I need to
take action on this and
by when do I need
to do that? Okay. So
I, I think I get
that part. I'm, I'm looking
at my now I have,
I have an inbox and
I also have an inbox
CC. So I formally pulled
out a second inbox. So
I've made the determination that
if I'm CC'd on something,
it is less important than
if I am directly mailed
and that's helped a lot.
I've got 250 males in
my CC list and I've
got 170 in my inbox.
So I can go into
my CC and I could
spend 10 minutes here and
I could go delete, delete,
don't need that, need that
delete, delete. And I could
do that and then take
about five or 10 minutes.
And then I would have
effectively, I'm sure that in
about 10 minutes, I could
clear out my CC cause
most of it is FYI,
right? It's either reference or
it's either reference some action
required or I don't need
it right on the inbox
side. This is, you know,
like here we go, I
need to renew a prescription.
And that's right next to
a mail from legal affairs
with these are, these males
are, are effectively peers within,
within the inbox until I
assign value to them. One
is easy when I'm near
a website where I'm near
a web browser, I'll renew
my prescription, but this, this
legal and corporate affairs, and
this could be a huge
thing. This could turn into
a day long project right
now. What? Right. Well, that's
an excellent point. And that's
the distinction that GTD makes
between projects and next actions.
So a lot of your,
to do items that come
out of your email box
may be simple, like renewing
a prescription and that's a
one single next action. You
need to be near a
web browser. So that's an
easy action to take, but
there's tons of stuff that's
going to come up. That's
going to require more than
just a simple action and
the GTD system calls those
projects and basically anything that
requires multiple steps to be
considered a project. So right
now, I think on my,
to do list, I have
around 25 projects that are
ongoing. And so what I
do, I use outlook and
I have a category of
my tasks called projects. And
what I do is I
gather all the information that
I have on that project
emails, you know, files notes
to myself and I keep
them all in that task.
And so I create a
project and what I try
to always make sure is
that I'm always, I always
have a next step on
that project. So whether whether
the next step is to
look up an article that
I need to reference for,
for a project or contact
a person from the legal
department to ask them a
question. So those are next
physical actions. And so you're
going to have multiple tasks,
tasks associated with that project.
And you just want to
make sure that you're always
making progress on those projects.
And that's a big part
of the weekly review as
well, and is making sure
that you go through all
of your documentation on your
projects. So, you know, then
that can be a quick,
fast process, or it can
be a little bit slower
if you need to take
some time. But you know,
I go through all my
notes that I've gathered over
the past week on this
particular project, I make sure
I'm making progress on it
when I do my weekly
review. And if I haven't
made any progress, I have
to sit and think about
what is literally the very
next action that I need
to take on this. And
then that goes onto my
to do list to make
sure that the next time
I have a chance to
call that person that I
need to ask the question
about the legal project. You
know, I have that on
my to do list. So
that's how you handle multi-step
projects. Okay. So, so let's
talk a little bit about
the specifics of how to,
how someone would set this
up. What kind of folders
do you have an outlook
and how important is the
setting up of that? Because
I'm hearing you say things
like to do lists, but
I don't know if you're
using the, to do list
that it's built in outlook
where you're using, you know,
remember the milk or one
of these, Right, right. Yeah.
I've actually, I've played around
with several, I'm personally a
little biased towards outlook. I've
been using it for a
long time. So I've got
my smartphone set up that
it'll sync my outlook tasks.
So I I'm a big
outlook user. The GTD system
actually doesn't dictate a particular
system at all. As a
matter of fact, he outlines
how to use just pen
and paper. And it just
is a matter of what's
most comfortable for you. For
me, attacky outlook is very
comfortable for me. So I
use the tasks in outlook.
I use categories for my
tasks and the categories are
similar to what I was
talking about. I put a
context on my categories. So
if it's a phone call,
it's in my phone category,
if it's something I need
to do on my computer,
it's a computer category. There
may be times in which
I have access to my
computer, but I don't have
access to the internet. So
I make a distinction there.
I have some tasks that
are at my computer. I
just need my computer and
that's it. I don't need
internet access. I also have
an app web category and
that's for stuff that I
do actually need internet access
for. So, and, and the
categories, you know, might add
web category. That that was
just one that I created
for myself. It wasn't outlined
in the GTD book or
anything. It just makes sense
for me. So depending on
what your, you know, what
your context is, you know,
if you work from different
places, I'm working from home,
working from the office, there's
certain things you can do
in each of those locations.
So that's how I divvy
up my categories. And, and
I use those in outlook.
And in terms of email
folders, I actually only have
a single archive email folder.
And I used to have
tons and tons of email
folders. You know, this project,
that project, which can get
a little bit unwieldy because
as you know, you can
get an email, let's say,
you and I are working
on two different projects. I'll
probably send you one email
that addresses both of those
projects. So then it becomes,
do I make two copies
of this email to file
it? Or which project do
I file this email in?
Because you want to hang
onto the email, but you
want to make sure that
you can find it later.
And the good news is
that the way email search
has improved over the past
several years, I find that
I really don't need to
categorize my emails into folders.
I moved, I moved my
emails over to saved email.
Once I'm done looking at
them. And then whenever I
need something, I just search
and it actually works pretty
quickly these days. This is
the part of the show
where I mock you while
actually Tellerik mock says your
applications, that you're testing dependent
on external systems over which
you have no control. Maybe
you're being slowed down by
those systems that are lack
of availability. Responsiveness. Do you
want to do TDD? Right?
Our friends at Tellerik help
you solve some of those
problems with their newest mocking
tool. Just mock it'll let
you do fast, simple controlled
unit tests, independent of external
resources like databases, web services,
proprietary code, unlike some marketing
tools, just mock works with
non-virtual methods, seal classes, static
methods, giving you complete control
of your code. You can
get more details. You can
download just mock at telerik.com/just
mock. And don't forget to
thank Tellerik for supporting Hanselman
it's on their Facebook fan
page, facebook.com/tellerik. Thanks a lot.
No, I think that, that
one thing that one big
statement of, I have only
one folder called archive is
the scariest part of the
whole process from 90% of
people, you know, you tell
them everything and like, okay,
context. I get that, do
it, drop it, delegated different.
Okay. I get that. Oh,
you have only one folder.
I think only people who
use Gmail really get that
they're they're okay with that.
And outlook people, you know,
with their PSTs and their
50 folders, they just, they
can't let go of that.
Having only one, one folder
thing mean how do we
get those people to stop?
My boss has 5,000 emails
in his inbox, Right? Yeah.
Well, you know, the, it
took me awhile to get
over that hump. Actually, the
way I adopted GTD was
definitely piecemeal. And I took
sort of the pieces that
I liked and the stuff
that scared me, like the
one folder I didn't adopt
for probably a good six
months. And I think I
was talking with somebody else
who had implemented the system
and they were a fellow
outlook user. And they said,
look, it's actually taking you
more time to search through
folders to find an email
that, that you need to
reference. And they said, think
about how frequently you look
for an old email. And
so, and it's not actually
that frequent that I go
back and look for emails.
And so, you know, I'm
already getting a new email
on a particular topic, perhaps.
So first of all, it's
not a pro you know,
it's not a task that
I do all the time
and the search functionality has
gotten so good that it
means that it actually takes
less time to search for
an email in a single
folder, rather than looking at
multiple folders. Cause really, you
know, if you have an
ongoing project, you're going to
have to search within that
folder anyway. So if you're
already doing a search in
that folder by person, or
just putting in a keyword,
you're already doing that searching.
So why not just have
one place to look now,
one thing to keep in
mind when I have an
email that I have to
reply to, I don't put
it into saved emails until
I've either created a draft
of that email or made
a copy of that email
over in a task list.
So that means that the
emails that I'm actively working
on are, I'm not accessing
them from my saved email,
saved email really as an
archive for me. And so
it's when I go and
look up old conversations or
need to find a piece
of data that I haven't
actively been working on. I'm
wondering if I have too
many folders, then I don't
have a lot. I have
a system I've put online,
I've got my inbox inbox
CC. I've also separated out
emails that come in from
externals. So email that comes
from inside Microsoft is more
important than InMail email that
does I'm CC'd on, is
more important than email from
some random email address. So
that helps me in my
processing phase. I have, I
don't have one archive folder.
I have two, I have
one where items do not
expire. That's my archive folder.
And then I have one
where only the last 90
days of stuff. So I
have reference and I have
reference short term and it
is set up in outlook
and exchange with an expiration
date. So when something is
91 days old, it automatically
gets deleted that way. I
don't have to worry about,
you know, email space. Right,
right. You know, that actually,
that actually sounds like a
great system, you know, in
terms of the inboxes, the
different inboxes that you referenced.
I think that's a great
way of sorting a large
volume of email. And like
you said, if you are
processing a particular box, you
know, that you're, CC'd for
example, on emails, then that's,
that's a mindset that you
have and you can drill
through a bunch of emails
quickly. And in terms of
the, the two separate archive
folders, I think that's a
great system. As long as
you are comfortable, personal, personally,
comfortable with the emails that
are expiring, if you're ever
stressed out about, Oh, I
hope that that's, you know,
I hope I didn't need
something that was 120 days
old. And, and that's really
just a personal decision that
you'd need to make about
particular emails. I mean, TTD
is really all about stress
relief and so anything that's
stressing you out, isn't working
really. And so if that's
working well for you and
you know, I can't see
why it wouldn't and not
something that's older than 90
days is probably not super
relevant to you. I think
that sounds like a great
system. That's not too terribly
many folders. Yeah. Well, I'm
trying to make the number
of decisions that I make
as small as possible. And
after I've replied to an
email, I just look at
it and I think to
myself, do I need this
for the next year or
so? I don't even think
90 days, I just think
now next year or so,
even though it's kind of
a lie, you know, so
I need, do I need
this for a long time?
Or, you know, do I,
do I need it forever?
So really it's about deciding
forever or not. And that
seems to work fairly well
where I'm getting a little
caught up is I have
folders for contexts you were
referring to like I'm in
front of the phone and
I'm at the I'm at
the mall and all the
different kind of ad contexts.
Right. So I have, I
have a folder for, for,
at, at, at blog, which
isn't really a context, but
it's like stuff I want
to blog. That's not really
what to do, but it
is stuff I want to
remember. It's my, it's my
Heil of stuff I could
blog about. Right. It's not
a project, it's not an
ongoing project. It is a
reference folder of its own.
Right. And, and that's it.
That's a great question actually.
And there's two ways that
I would probably look at
that the way that I
would likely handle it is
with my someday maybe list.
So that's, that to me
is a pretty powerful part
of the GTD system is
the ability to say, okay,
I'm not working on this
right now, but I don't
want to forget about it.
And when I have a
chance, sometime I want to
look at it, but it's
not, you know, in my
active to do list right
now. And I have, I
have over a hundred items
in my someday maybe list.
And what that means is
that it's just stuff that,
you know, it could be
very important, like for you,
with blogs, you know, it's
not your act as law
that you're writing right now,
but it's, you know, you
want to keep track of
it or it could be,
you know, more of a
longterm. I want to learn
Chinese, you know, so it
could be, I have a
very wide spectrum on mine
and it doesn't bother me
in the least that it's
a large list. And what
I do is usually part
of my weekly review every
once in a while, if
I'm pressed for time, it'll
be, I'll do it every
other weekly review. I'll take
a good look at that
list. And it usually doesn't
take me very long cause
there's a lot of stuff
on the list that I
can immediately say, Nope, I'm
not working on that this
week, but something like a
blog idea. If you reviewed
it weekly, if you reviewed
this list weekly, I would
probably have a different task
for each project. I'd say,
all right, someday, I'd like
to blog about this topic
and I just put it
in my someday list. And
then next time I have
my weekly review, I'll see
that idea. And I can
decide at that point, do
I want to do that
this week? Or do I
want to do it next
week? Or sometime in the
distant future? And so it's
actually a helpful tool to
allow you to say no
to stuff. No, I'm not
going to do this right
now, but I don't want
to forget about it. It's
important to me. And I
think it's a great idea.
I just don't have time
for it right now, or
I have other things I
need to do first. So
I, I use that list
a lot. How do you
deal with, and this may
be a silly question, but
how do you deal with
guilt? I went into my
someday maybe list recently, as
well as my action. I
have a folder for actions,
which I think I need
to get rid of and
found that about 10 different
things were no longer relevant
simply because I didn't do
it. So then That is
a funny question. I like
it though. Cause I've definitely
looked at my someday maybe
less than went. Oh, okay.
I didn't end up doing
that. What about usually signals
to me is that I'm
not looking at the list
frequently enough. So if something's
come along, come and gone
and opportunity, that means that
I didn't look at that
recently enough to add it
back to my, to do
it. So that's the really
great thing about doing a
weekly review and why I
actually would recommend for somebody
starting on the system to
actually block the time until
you get into the habit
of reviewing when you review
it, it's right there in
your face. And something that
wasn't a priority last week
may have turned into a
priority this week because time
is running up. And so
just being able to look
at, look at those lists
and be reminded if you're
looking at it frequently enough,
you'll be reminded in time.
Now, one other thing that
I will do, if there's
something that I'm not gonna
worry about right now, an
example may be, would be
a dentist appointment, not, not
a super urgent item, but
I need to schedule a
desk appointment. It needs to
be, you know, around February,
I'll put it, I'll go
ahead and put a date
on that task within outlook.
And so then as I'm
reviewing my upcoming week, I'll
look and see that task
and it's coming up on
it as a date. And
so at that point, I'll
say, Oh, that date is
coming up and I'll put
it into my, you know,
at phone call list to,
to make the phone call
to the dentist, to schedule
the appointment or create a
project to, to get something
done. So You said create
a project. Whereas what is
that? Is that a folder?
Is that a, is that
a mental construct? Yes. Yes.
I use again, the categories
in outlook tasks and I,
so I have project categories
and those are those projects
that have multiple steps to
them. It's not just a
single action. So I would
imagine that maybe a blog
entry would be an example
of that. So if I've
got a blog potential blog
topic on my to do
list and I look at,
I'd go through my weekly
review and I said, that's
a perfect topic for next
week. So I put that
into the, into my project
list and I make sure
that I have a next
action on it. So it
may be doing some research.
It may be writing a
rough draft. It may be
making a phone call to
product manager of a particular
new project or something like
that. And so anything that's
a multistep project would be
a project in the DTD
context construct anything that requires
more than one next physical
action. And you're managing that
only with categories Pretty much.
Yeah, I'm a heavy outlook
user. I pretty much live
in my tasks list. And
you know, I take advantage
of the capability and outlook
to be able to put,
you know, a PowerPoint or
an email or a web
within the task. And then
I just review those items.
Now that's not to say
that I don't have, you
know, folders. I have both
physical and electronic files and
folders that basically hold them
working material. So, you know,
right now I'm in school.
So I have folders for
each class and that's where
I keep my materials for
that class. And I also
have physical folders for each
class. And then at the
end of the semester, I'll
change over my folders. I'll
file what I want to
keep and throw away the
rest. So, but in terms
of projects to get done,
I manage it mainly out
of my Alec tasks. Yes.
Do you think, and all
of that, we're talking about
outlook, which is very, you
know, outlook centric, but certainly
all of this would work
in, in Gmail or whatever
someone else wanted to use
as far as they could
use labels instead of categories,
et cetera, et cetera. Definitely.
I'm not as familiar with
Gmails system in terms of
tasks, basically anything that you
can keep track of information.
So I know that remember
the milk is very popular.
So any, any system, even
just paper and notebooks and
paper, if you have any
way of tracking information will
work. So if you're using
literally just a note pad
and a pen, then you'll
have probably a file folder
for each project. So for
each, let me think of
a, a particular project. So
if I was having this
conversation with you today beforehand,
I did some additional reading
and I made some notes
on stuff I wanted to,
to touch on. If I
was doing that all in
paper, then I would just
have a bunch of papers
filed in there. And then
when I did my weekly
review, I would page through
my file folder instead of
going through my outlet task.
So there's tons of programs
out there that will work.
And it just, as a
matter of what you're most
comfortable with, Sounds like it
sounds like this is as
much about just being regimented
as it is about the
system itself. Like you said,
the goal is to be
not stressed out and it
is to have a trusted
system that you can count
on that you, that works
for you. Exactly. And actually,
that's, that's a key point,
a trusted system that you
can count on your brain
will know if your system
is working. Your brain knows
if you're going to put
off doing that weekly review.
And so if it realizes
that you're not hitting those
milestones, you're not, you know,
your, your emails backing up
or you're letting tasks fall
off. Your brain knows that.
And your subconscious tries to
then start remembering things for
you. So it doesn't want
you to forget stuff. So
if it doesn't trust that
your system is fully in
place and it's capturing every
to do item, you have,
then it's gonna start taking
back that responsibility. And that's
what stress feels like. And
so when I, when I'm
feeling stressed out, I do
a review and I just
make sure I've captured every
single thing. You know, one
of the examples that David Allen
touches on in his book
is he said, you know,
we've all had that feeling
of we make a list
and it makes us feel
better. You know, we're stressed
out. We know we have
a lot of stuff to
do, and then we make
a list and that makes
us feel better. And there's
a good reason for that.
Our brain now knows, Hey,
I can look at that
list and see all these
to do items. And I
feel better because now I
don't have to remember them.
I just have to look
at the, to do list.
And so that's, that's where
the trust comes in. Your
brain has to trust what
you're doing, or it'll just
continue to, to try and
hang on to all those,
to do items. And there's
just too much to do
your brain. Can't hang on
all that stuff. I like
that really the issue is
releasing yourself from the psychic
weight of all the stuff
that you're keeping in your
head. I mean, you, those
lists that you're, that you're
spilling onto paper or into
whatever your trusted system is,
those lists are causing you
pain. Exactly. And it's a,
it's a big stress relief.
I mean, that's what I
think the official title of
the book is the art
of stress-free productivity. And that
really is true. It's a
big stress relief to know.
I know for a fact,
I'm, I haven't forgotten to
follow up with anybody, you
know, right now I'm finishing
up an MBA program and
you know, so I'm doing
my networking and talking with
people and I don't want
to forget to follow up
with someone. I don't want
to, you know, wake up
in the middle of the
night in a couple of
days and go, Oh my
gosh, I'm interested in an
email that person, and now
I've missed, you know, a
potential future job opportunity and
that's stressful. And so if
I know, I know I'm
not going to forget something
because I've written it down.
It's in my system and
I feel good about that.
So I can just relax
and focus on getting things
done. Very cool. Thank you
so much lane Newson for
talking to me about getting
things done today. I really
appreciate it. Thank you for
having me on it's fun.
All right. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes.
See you again next week.